there are many species of begonias grown
as houseplants some for their small
colorful flowers and others for the
decorative colors of their foliage to
grow lush begonias do not need to be
tended carefully and often can survive
in less than ideal conditions put them
in a bright area of the house with
filtered but abundant light
they need a fresh soil that retains a
little moisture you can typically use
universal soil mixed with soil for
orchids consisting of pieces of bark and
peat
watering should be regular and frequent
with small amounts of water so as to
keep the soil moist but not soaked with
water avoid wetting the leaves which may
be marked will be attacked by mold and
rot remember to remove the faded flowers
from the flowering varieties because
they are often the vehicle for mold that
passes through the flowers to reach the
entire plant
you